Display a dashboard with the following information:

01-The average number of accepted and denied requests per lessor. Dani -> book/lessor

	select count(b) from Book b where b.state='ACCEPTED';
	select count(b) from Book b where b.state=’DENIED’;
	dividas entre:
	select count(l) from Lessor l;

02-The average number of accepted and denied requests per tenant. Dani -> book/tenant

	select count(b) from Book b where b.state='ACCEPTED';
	select count(b) from Book b where b.state=’DENIED’;
	dividas entre:
	select count(t) from Tenant t;
	
03-The lessors who have approved more requests. Dani -> lessor

	select b.lessor from Book b where b.state='ACCEPTED' group by b.lessor order by count(b) desc;
	y sacar el primero por java.
	
04-The lessors who have denied more requests. Dani -> lessor

	select b.lessor from Book b where b.state='DENIED' group by b.lessor order by count(b) desc;
	y sacar el primero por java.
	
05-The lessors who have more pending requests. Dani -> lessor

	select b.lessor from Book b where b.state='PENDING' group by b.lessor order by count(b) desc;
	y sacar el primero por java.
	
06-The tenants who have got more requests approved. Dani -> tenant

	select b.tenant from Book b where b.state='ACCEPTED' group by b.tenant order by count(b) desc;
	y sacar el primero por java.
	
07-The tenants who have got more requests denied. Dani -> tenant

	select b.tenant from Book b where b.state='DENIED' group by b.tenant order by count(b) desc;
	y sacar el primero por java.
	
08-The tenants who have more pending requests. Dani -> tenant

	select b.tenant from Book b where b.state='PENDING' group by b.tenant order by count(b) desc;
	y sacar el primero por java.
	
09-The lessor/s whose ratio of requested versus approved request/s is the maximum or the minimum. (Ratios must be rounded to one decimal place). Dani -> lessor

	select b.lessor from Book b where b.state='ACCEPTED' group by b.lessor order by 1.0*count(b)/b.lessor.books.size desc;
	El primero es el que tiene menor ratio, y el último el que mayor ratio tiene.
	
10-The tenant/s whose ratio of requested versus approved request/s is the maximum or the minimum. (Ratios must be rounded to one decimal place). Dani -> tenant

	select b.tenant from Book b where b.state='ACCEPTED' group by b.tenant order by 1.0*count(b)/b.tenant.books.size desc;
	El primero es el que tiene menor ratio, y el último el que mayor ratio tiene.
	
11-The average, the minimum, and the maximum number of results per finder. Dani -> finder

	select avg(f.results.size) from Finder f;
	select min(f.results.size) from Finder f;
	select max(f.results.size) from Finder f;
	
12-A listing with his or her properties sorted according to the number of audits  that they have got. Dani -> property

	select p from Property p where p.lessor.id=?1 order by p.audits.size desc;
	
13-A listing with his or her properties sorted according to the number of requests that they have got. property

	select p from Property p where p.lessor.id=?1 order by p.books.size desc;

14-A listing with his or her properties sorted according to the number of approved requests that they have got. property

	select distinct b.property from Book b where b.lessor.id=?1 and b.state='ACCEPTED' order by b.state desc;
	
15-A listing with his or her properties sorted according to the number of denied requests that they have got. property

	select distinct b.property from Book b where b.lessor.id=?1 and b.state='DENIED' order by b.state desc;
	
16-A listing with his or her properties sorted according to the number of pending requests that they have got.  property

	select distinct b.property from Book b where b.lessor.id=?1 and b.state='PENDING' order by b.state desc;
	
17-The minimum, the average, and the maximum number of social identities per actor. actor

	select min(a.socialIdentities.size), avg(a.socialIdentities.size), max(a.socialIdentities.size) from Actor a;
	
18-The minimum, the average, and the maximum number of invoices issued tothe tenants. invoice

	select min(t.invoices.size), avg(t.invoices.size), max(t.invoices.size) from Tenant t;
	
19-The total amount of money due in the invoices issued by the system. invoice

	select sum(b.totalAmount) from Book b where b.invoice is not null;
	
20-The average number of requests for properties that have at least an audit record versus the average number of requests for properties that do not have any audits. book

	select avg(p.books.size) from Property p where p.audits is not empty;
	entre:
	select avg(p.books.size) from Property p where p.audits is empty;

21-The minimum, the average, and the maximum number of audits that the properties have got.	
	select min(p.audits.size) from Property p;
	select avg(p.audits.size) from Property p;
	select max(p.audits.size) from Property p;

22-A listing in which the attributes are sorted in descending order regarding the number of times they have been used to describe a property.

	select distinct a.attribute from AttributeValue a order by a.attribute desc;

A+:Gavira/Javi
	
